org_tensorflow/_solib_local/_U_S_Stensorflow_Clibtensorflow_Uframework_Uimport_Ulib___Utensorflow/libtensorflow_framework.so /home/sven/.cache/bazel/_bazel_sven/ce880647eb6dd0d76adc3e6efbf8e3ac/execroot/org_tensorflow/bazel-out/host/bin/_solib_local/_U_S_Stensorflow_Clibtensorflow_Uframework_Uimport_Ulib___Utensorflow/libtensorflow_framework.so
org_tensorflow/_solib_local/_U_S_Stensorflow_Scc_Cops_Snn_Uops_Ugen_Ucc___Utensorflow/libtensorflow_framework.so.2 /home/sven/.cache/bazel/_bazel_sven/ce880647eb6dd0d76adc3e6efbf8e3ac/execroot/org_tensorflow/bazel-out/host/bin/_solib_local/_U_S_Stensorflow_Scc_Cops_Snn_Uops_Ugen_Ucc___Utensorflow/libtensorflow_framework.so.2
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/cc/ops/nn_ops_gen_cc /home/sven/.cache/bazel/_bazel_sven/ce880647eb6dd0d76adc3e6efbf8e3ac/execroot/org_tensorflow/bazel-out/host/bin/tensorflow/cc/ops/nn_ops_gen_cc
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Abort.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Abort.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Abs.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Abs.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AccumulateNV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AccumulateNV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AccumulatorApplyGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AccumulatorApplyGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AccumulatorNumAccumulated.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AccumulatorNumAccumulated.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AccumulatorSetGlobalStep.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AccumulatorSetGlobalStep.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AccumulatorTakeGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AccumulatorTakeGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Acos.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Acos.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Acosh.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Acosh.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Add.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Add.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AddManySparseToTensorsMap.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AddManySparseToTensorsMap.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AddN.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AddN.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AddSparseToTensorsMap.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AddSparseToTensorsMap.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AddV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AddV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AdjustContrast.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AdjustContrast.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AdjustContrastv2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AdjustContrastv2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AdjustHue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AdjustHue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AdjustSaturation.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AdjustSaturation.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_All.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_All.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AllCandidateSampler.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AllCandidateSampler.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AllToAll.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AllToAll.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Angle.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Angle.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AnonymousIterator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AnonymousIterator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AnonymousIteratorV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AnonymousIteratorV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AnonymousMemoryCache.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AnonymousMemoryCache.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AnonymousMultiDeviceIterator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AnonymousMultiDeviceIterator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AnonymousRandomSeedGenerator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AnonymousRandomSeedGenerator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Any.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Any.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdaMax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdaMax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdadelta.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdadelta.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdagrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdagrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdagradDA.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdagradDA.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdagradV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdagradV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdam.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAdam.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAddSign.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyAddSign.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyCenteredRMSProp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyCenteredRMSProp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyFtrl.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyFtrl.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyFtrlV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyFtrlV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyGradientDescent.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyGradientDescent.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyMomentum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyMomentum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyPowerSign.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyPowerSign.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyProximalAdagrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyProximalAdagrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyProximalGradientDescent.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyProximalGradientDescent.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyRMSProp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApplyRMSProp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApproximateEqual.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ApproximateEqual.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ArgMax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ArgMax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ArgMin.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ArgMin.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AsString.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AsString.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Asin.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Asin.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Asinh.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Asinh.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Assert.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Assert.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssertCardinalityDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssertCardinalityDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssertNextDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssertNextDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Assign.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Assign.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssignAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssignAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssignAddVariableOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssignAddVariableOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssignSub.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssignSub.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssignSubVariableOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssignSubVariableOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssignVariableOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AssignVariableOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Atan.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Atan.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Atan2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Atan2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Atanh.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Atanh.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AudioSpectrogram.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AudioSpectrogram.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AudioSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AudioSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AudioSummaryV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AudioSummaryV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AutoShardDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AutoShardDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AvgPool.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AvgPool.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AvgPool3D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AvgPool3D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AvgPool3DGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AvgPool3DGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AvgPoolGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_AvgPoolGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Barrier.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Barrier.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BarrierClose.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BarrierClose.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BarrierIncompleteSize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BarrierIncompleteSize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BarrierInsertMany.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BarrierInsertMany.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BarrierReadySize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BarrierReadySize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BarrierTakeMany.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BarrierTakeMany.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Batch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Batch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchCholesky.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchCholesky.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchCholeskyGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchCholeskyGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchDatasetV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchDatasetV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchFFT.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchFFT.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchFFT2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchFFT2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchFFT3D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchFFT3D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchFunction.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchFunction.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchIFFT.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchIFFT.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchIFFT2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchIFFT2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchIFFT3D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchIFFT3D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatMulV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatMulV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixBandPart.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixBandPart.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixDeterminant.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixDeterminant.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixDiag.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixDiag.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixDiagPart.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixDiagPart.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixInverse.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixInverse.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixSetDiag.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixSetDiag.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixSolve.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixSolve.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixSolveLs.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixSolveLs.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixTriangularSolve.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchMatrixTriangularSolve.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchNormWithGlobalNormalization.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchNormWithGlobalNormalization.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchNormWithGlobalNormalizationGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchNormWithGlobalNormalizationGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchSelfAdjointEig.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchSelfAdjointEig.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchSelfAdjointEigV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchSelfAdjointEigV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchSvd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchSvd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchToSpace.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchToSpace.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchToSpaceND.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BatchToSpaceND.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BesselI0e.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BesselI0e.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BesselI1e.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BesselI1e.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Betainc.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Betainc.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BiasAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BiasAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BiasAddGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BiasAddGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BiasAddV1.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BiasAddV1.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Bincount.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Bincount.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Bitcast.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Bitcast.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BitwiseAnd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BitwiseAnd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BitwiseOr.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BitwiseOr.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BitwiseXor.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BitwiseXor.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BlockLSTM.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BlockLSTM.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BlockLSTMGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BlockLSTMGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BlockLSTMGradV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BlockLSTMGradV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BlockLSTMV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BlockLSTMV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesAggregateStats.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesAggregateStats.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesBucketize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesBucketize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCalculateBestFeatureSplit.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCalculateBestFeatureSplit.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCalculateBestFeatureSplitV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCalculateBestFeatureSplitV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCalculateBestGainsPerFeature.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCalculateBestGainsPerFeature.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCenterBias.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCenterBias.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCreateEnsemble.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCreateEnsemble.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCreateQuantileStreamResource.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesCreateQuantileStreamResource.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesDeserializeEnsemble.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesDeserializeEnsemble.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesEnsembleResourceHandleOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesEnsembleResourceHandleOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesExampleDebugOutputs.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesExampleDebugOutputs.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesFlushQuantileSummaries.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesFlushQuantileSummaries.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesGetEnsembleStates.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesGetEnsembleStates.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesMakeQuantileSummaries.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesMakeQuantileSummaries.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesMakeStatsSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesMakeStatsSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesPredict.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesPredict.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceAddSummaries.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceAddSummaries.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceDeserialize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceDeserialize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceFlush.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceFlush.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceGetBucketBoundaries.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceGetBucketBoundaries.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceHandleOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceHandleOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesSerializeEnsemble.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesSerializeEnsemble.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesSparseAggregateStats.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesSparseAggregateStats.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesSparseCalculateBestFeatureSplit.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesSparseCalculateBestFeatureSplit.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesTrainingPredict.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesTrainingPredict.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesUpdateEnsemble.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesUpdateEnsemble.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesUpdateEnsembleV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BoostedTreesUpdateEnsembleV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BroadcastArgs.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BroadcastArgs.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BroadcastGradientArgs.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BroadcastGradientArgs.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BroadcastTo.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BroadcastTo.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Bucketize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Bucketize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BytesProducedStatsDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_BytesProducedStatsDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CSRSparseMatrixComponents.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CSRSparseMatrixComponents.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CSRSparseMatrixToDense.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CSRSparseMatrixToDense.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CSRSparseMatrixToSparseTensor.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CSRSparseMatrixToSparseTensor.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CSVDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CSVDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CTCBeamSearchDecoder.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CTCBeamSearchDecoder.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CTCGreedyDecoder.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CTCGreedyDecoder.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CTCLoss.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CTCLoss.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CTCLossV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CTCLossV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CacheDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CacheDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CacheDatasetV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CacheDatasetV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Case.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Case.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cast.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cast.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Ceil.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Ceil.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CheckNumerics.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CheckNumerics.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CheckNumericsV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CheckNumericsV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cholesky.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cholesky.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CholeskyGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CholeskyGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ChooseFastestBranchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ChooseFastestBranchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ChooseFastestDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ChooseFastestDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ClipByValue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ClipByValue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CloseSummaryWriter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CloseSummaryWriter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CollectiveBcastRecv.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CollectiveBcastRecv.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CollectiveBcastSend.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CollectiveBcastSend.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CollectiveGather.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CollectiveGather.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CollectivePermute.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CollectivePermute.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CollectiveReduce.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CollectiveReduce.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CombinedNonMaxSuppression.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CombinedNonMaxSuppression.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CompareAndBitpack.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CompareAndBitpack.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Complex.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Complex.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ComplexAbs.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ComplexAbs.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ComputeAccidentalHits.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ComputeAccidentalHits.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Concat.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Concat.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConcatOffset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConcatOffset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConcatV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConcatV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConcatenateDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConcatenateDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConditionalAccumulator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConditionalAccumulator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConfigureDistributedTPU.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConfigureDistributedTPU.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConfigureTPUEmbedding.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConfigureTPUEmbedding.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conj.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conj.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConjugateTranspose.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConjugateTranspose.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Const.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Const.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConsumeMutexLock.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ConsumeMutexLock.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ControlTrigger.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ControlTrigger.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv2DBackpropFilter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv2DBackpropFilter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv2DBackpropInput.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv2DBackpropInput.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv3D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv3D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv3DBackpropFilter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv3DBackpropFilter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv3DBackpropFilterV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv3DBackpropFilterV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv3DBackpropInput.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv3DBackpropInput.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv3DBackpropInputV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Conv3DBackpropInputV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Copy.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Copy.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CopyHost.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CopyHost.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cos.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cos.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cosh.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cosh.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CountUpTo.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CountUpTo.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CreateSummaryDbWriter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CreateSummaryDbWriter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CreateSummaryFileWriter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CreateSummaryFileWriter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CropAndResize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CropAndResize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CropAndResizeGradBoxes.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CropAndResizeGradBoxes.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CropAndResizeGradImage.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CropAndResizeGradImage.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cross.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cross.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CrossReplicaSum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CrossReplicaSum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNN.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNN.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNBackprop.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNBackprop.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNBackpropV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNBackpropV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNBackpropV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNBackpropV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNCanonicalToParams.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNCanonicalToParams.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNCanonicalToParamsV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNCanonicalToParamsV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNParamsSize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNParamsSize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNParamsToCanonical.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNParamsToCanonical.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNParamsToCanonicalV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNParamsToCanonicalV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CudnnRNNV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cumprod.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cumprod.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cumsum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Cumsum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CumulativeLogsumexp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_CumulativeLogsumexp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DataFormatDimMap.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DataFormatDimMap.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DataFormatVecPermute.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DataFormatVecPermute.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetCardinality.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetCardinality.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetFromGraph.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetFromGraph.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetToGraph.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetToGraph.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetToGraphV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetToGraphV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetToSingleElement.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetToSingleElement.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetToTFRecord.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DatasetToTFRecord.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Dawsn.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Dawsn.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugGradientIdentity.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugGradientIdentity.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugGradientRefIdentity.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugGradientRefIdentity.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugIdentity.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugIdentity.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugIdentityV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugIdentityV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugNanCount.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugNanCount.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugNumericSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugNumericSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugNumericSummaryV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DebugNumericSummaryV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeAndCropJpeg.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeAndCropJpeg.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeBase64.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeBase64.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeBmp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeBmp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeCSV.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeCSV.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeCompressed.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeCompressed.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeGif.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeGif.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeJSONExample.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeJSONExample.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeJpeg.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeJpeg.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodePaddedRaw.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodePaddedRaw.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodePng.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodePng.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeProtoV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeProtoV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeRaw.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeRaw.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeWav.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DecodeWav.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeepCopy.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeepCopy.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeleteIterator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeleteIterator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeleteMemoryCache.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeleteMemoryCache.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeleteMultiDeviceIterator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeleteMultiDeviceIterator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeleteRandomSeedGenerator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeleteRandomSeedGenerator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeleteSessionTensor.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeleteSessionTensor.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DenseToCSRSparseMatrix.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DenseToCSRSparseMatrix.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DenseToDenseSetOperation.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DenseToDenseSetOperation.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DenseToSparseBatchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DenseToSparseBatchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DenseToSparseSetOperation.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DenseToSparseSetOperation.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DepthToSpace.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DepthToSpace.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DepthwiseConv2dNative.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DepthwiseConv2dNative.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DepthwiseConv2dNativeBackpropFilter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DepthwiseConv2dNativeBackpropFilter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DepthwiseConv2dNativeBackpropInput.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DepthwiseConv2dNativeBackpropInput.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Dequantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Dequantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeserializeIterator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeserializeIterator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeserializeManySparse.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeserializeManySparse.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeserializeSparse.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DeserializeSparse.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DestroyResourceOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DestroyResourceOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DestroyTemporaryVariable.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DestroyTemporaryVariable.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Diag.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Diag.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DiagPart.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DiagPart.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Digamma.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Digamma.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Dilation2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Dilation2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Dilation2DBackpropFilter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Dilation2DBackpropFilter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Dilation2DBackpropInput.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Dilation2DBackpropInput.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DirectedInterleaveDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DirectedInterleaveDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Div.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Div.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DivNoNan.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DivNoNan.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DrawBoundingBoxes.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DrawBoundingBoxes.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DrawBoundingBoxesV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DrawBoundingBoxesV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DynamicPartition.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DynamicPartition.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DynamicStitch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_DynamicStitch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EagerPyFunc.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EagerPyFunc.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EditDistance.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EditDistance.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Eig.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Eig.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Einsum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Einsum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Elu.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Elu.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EluGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EluGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Empty.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Empty.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EmptyTensorList.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EmptyTensorList.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodeBase64.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodeBase64.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodeJpeg.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodeJpeg.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodeJpegVariableQuality.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodeJpegVariableQuality.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodePng.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodePng.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodeProto.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodeProto.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodeWav.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EncodeWav.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EnqueueTPUEmbeddingIntegerBatch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EnqueueTPUEmbeddingIntegerBatch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EnqueueTPUEmbeddingSparseBatch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EnqueueTPUEmbeddingSparseBatch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EnqueueTPUEmbeddingSparseTensorBatch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EnqueueTPUEmbeddingSparseTensorBatch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EnsureShape.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EnsureShape.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Enter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Enter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Equal.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Equal.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Erf.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Erf.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Erfc.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Erfc.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Erfinv.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Erfinv.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EuclideanNorm.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_EuclideanNorm.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Exit.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Exit.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Exp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Exp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExpandDims.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExpandDims.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalAssertNextDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalAssertNextDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalAutoShardDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalAutoShardDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalBytesProducedStatsDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalBytesProducedStatsDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalCSVDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalCSVDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalChooseFastestDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalChooseFastestDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalDatasetCardinality.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalDatasetCardinality.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalDatasetToTFRecord.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalDatasetToTFRecord.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalDenseToSparseBatchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalDenseToSparseBatchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalDirectedInterleaveDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalDirectedInterleaveDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalGroupByReducerDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalGroupByReducerDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalGroupByWindowDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalGroupByWindowDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalIgnoreErrorsDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalIgnoreErrorsDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalIteratorGetDevice.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalIteratorGetDevice.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalLMDBDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalLMDBDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalLatencyStatsDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalLatencyStatsDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalMapAndBatchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalMapAndBatchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalMapDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalMapDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalMatchingFilesDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalMatchingFilesDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalMaxIntraOpParallelismDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalMaxIntraOpParallelismDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalNonSerializableDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalNonSerializableDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalParallelInterleaveDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalParallelInterleaveDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalParseExampleDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalParseExampleDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalPrivateThreadPoolDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalPrivateThreadPoolDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalRandomDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalRandomDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalRebatchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalRebatchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalScanDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalScanDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalSetStatsAggregatorDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalSetStatsAggregatorDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalSleepDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalSleepDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalSlidingWindowDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalSlidingWindowDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalSqlDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalSqlDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalStatsAggregatorHandle.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalStatsAggregatorHandle.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalStatsAggregatorSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalStatsAggregatorSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalTakeWhileDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalTakeWhileDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalThreadPoolDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalThreadPoolDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalThreadPoolHandle.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalThreadPoolHandle.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalUnbatchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalUnbatchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalUniqueDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExperimentalUniqueDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Expint.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Expint.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Expm1.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Expm1.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExtractGlimpse.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExtractGlimpse.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExtractImagePatches.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExtractImagePatches.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExtractJpegShape.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExtractJpegShape.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExtractVolumePatches.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ExtractVolumePatches.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FFT.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FFT.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FFT2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FFT2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FFT3D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FFT3D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FIFOQueue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FIFOQueue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FIFOQueueV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FIFOQueueV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Fact.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Fact.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeParam.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeParam.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxArgs.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxArgs.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxArgsGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxArgsGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxVars.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxVars.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxVarsGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxVarsGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxVarsPerChannel.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxVarsPerChannel.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxVarsPerChannelGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQuantWithMinMaxVarsPerChannelGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQueue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FakeQueue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Fill.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Fill.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FilterByLastComponentDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FilterByLastComponentDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FilterDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FilterDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Fingerprint.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Fingerprint.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FixedLengthRecordDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FixedLengthRecordDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FixedLengthRecordDatasetV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FixedLengthRecordDatasetV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FixedLengthRecordReader.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FixedLengthRecordReader.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FixedLengthRecordReaderV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FixedLengthRecordReaderV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FixedUnigramCandidateSampler.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FixedUnigramCandidateSampler.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FlatMapDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FlatMapDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Floor.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Floor.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FloorDiv.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FloorDiv.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FloorMod.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FloorMod.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FlushSummaryWriter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FlushSummaryWriter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_For.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_For.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FractionalAvgPool.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FractionalAvgPool.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FractionalAvgPoolGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FractionalAvgPoolGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FractionalMaxPool.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FractionalMaxPool.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FractionalMaxPoolGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FractionalMaxPoolGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FresnelCos.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FresnelCos.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FresnelSin.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FresnelSin.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNorm.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNorm.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNormGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNormGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNormGradV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNormGradV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNormGradV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNormGradV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNormV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNormV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNormV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedBatchNormV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedPadConv2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedPadConv2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedResizeAndPadConv2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_FusedResizeAndPadConv2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GRUBlockCell.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GRUBlockCell.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GRUBlockCellGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GRUBlockCellGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Gather.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Gather.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GatherNd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GatherNd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GatherV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GatherV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GenerateBoundingBoxProposals.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GenerateBoundingBoxProposals.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GenerateVocabRemapping.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GenerateVocabRemapping.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GeneratorDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GeneratorDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GetSessionHandle.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GetSessionHandle.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GetSessionHandleV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GetSessionHandleV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GetSessionTensor.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GetSessionTensor.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Greater.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Greater.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GreaterEqual.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GreaterEqual.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GroupByReducerDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GroupByReducerDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GroupByWindowDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GroupByWindowDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GuaranteeConst.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_GuaranteeConst.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HSVToRGB.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HSVToRGB.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HashTable.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HashTable.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HashTableV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HashTableV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HistogramFixedWidth.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HistogramFixedWidth.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HistogramSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HistogramSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HostConst.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_HostConst.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IFFT.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IFFT.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IFFT2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IFFT2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IFFT3D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IFFT3D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IRFFT.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IRFFT.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IRFFT2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IRFFT2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IRFFT3D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IRFFT3D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Identity.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Identity.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IdentityN.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IdentityN.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IdentityReader.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IdentityReader.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IdentityReaderV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IdentityReaderV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_If.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_If.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Igamma.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Igamma.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IgammaGradA.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IgammaGradA.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Igammac.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Igammac.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IgnoreErrorsDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IgnoreErrorsDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Imag.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Imag.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ImageProjectiveTransformV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ImageProjectiveTransformV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ImageSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ImageSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ImmutableConst.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ImmutableConst.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ImportEvent.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ImportEvent.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InTopK.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InTopK.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InTopKV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InTopKV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InfeedDequeue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InfeedDequeue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InfeedDequeueTuple.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InfeedDequeueTuple.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InfeedEnqueue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InfeedEnqueue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InfeedEnqueuePrelinearizedBuffer.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InfeedEnqueuePrelinearizedBuffer.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InfeedEnqueueTuple.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InfeedEnqueueTuple.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InitializeTable.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InitializeTable.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InitializeTableFromTextFile.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InitializeTableFromTextFile.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InitializeTableFromTextFileV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InitializeTableFromTextFileV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InitializeTableV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InitializeTableV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InplaceAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InplaceAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InplaceSub.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InplaceSub.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InplaceUpdate.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InplaceUpdate.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InterleaveDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InterleaveDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Inv.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Inv.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InvGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InvGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Invert.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Invert.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InvertPermutation.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_InvertPermutation.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsBoostedTreesEnsembleInitialized.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsBoostedTreesEnsembleInitialized.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsBoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceInitialized.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsBoostedTreesQuantileStreamResourceInitialized.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsFinite.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsFinite.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsInf.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsInf.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsNan.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsNan.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsVariableInitialized.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IsVariableInitialized.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Iterator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Iterator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorFromStringHandle.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorFromStringHandle.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorFromStringHandleV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorFromStringHandleV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorGetDevice.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorGetDevice.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorGetNext.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorGetNext.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorGetNextAsOptional.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorGetNextAsOptional.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorGetNextSync.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorGetNextSync.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorToStringHandle.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorToStringHandle.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_IteratorV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_KMC2ChainInitialization.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_KMC2ChainInitialization.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_KmeansPlusPlusInitialization.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_KmeansPlusPlusInitialization.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_L2Loss.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_L2Loss.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LMDBDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LMDBDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LMDBReader.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LMDBReader.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LRN.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LRN.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LRNGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LRNGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LSTMBlockCell.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LSTMBlockCell.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LSTMBlockCellGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LSTMBlockCellGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LatencyStatsDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LatencyStatsDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LeakyRelu.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LeakyRelu.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LeakyReluGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LeakyReluGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LearnedUnigramCandidateSampler.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LearnedUnigramCandidateSampler.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LeftShift.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LeftShift.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LegacyParallelInterleaveDatasetV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LegacyParallelInterleaveDatasetV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Less.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Less.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LessEqual.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LessEqual.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Lgamma.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Lgamma.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LinSpace.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LinSpace.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ListDiff.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ListDiff.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadAndRemapMatrix.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadAndRemapMatrix.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingADAMParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingADAMParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingADAMParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingADAMParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingAdadeltaParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingAdadeltaParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingAdadeltaParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingAdadeltaParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingAdagradParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingAdagradParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingAdagradParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingAdagradParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingCenteredRMSPropParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingCenteredRMSPropParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingFTRLParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingFTRLParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingFTRLParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingFTRLParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingMDLAdagradLightParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingMDLAdagradLightParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingMomentumParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingMomentumParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingMomentumParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingMomentumParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingProximalAdagradParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingProximalAdagradParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingProximalAdagradParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingProximalAdagradParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingRMSPropParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingRMSPropParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingRMSPropParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingRMSPropParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingStochasticGradientDescentParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoadTPUEmbeddingStochasticGradientDescentParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Log.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Log.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Log1p.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Log1p.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogMatrixDeterminant.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogMatrixDeterminant.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogSoftmax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogSoftmax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogUniformCandidateSampler.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogUniformCandidateSampler.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogicalAnd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogicalAnd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogicalNot.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogicalNot.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogicalOr.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LogicalOr.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableExport.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableExport.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableExportV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableExportV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableFind.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableFind.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableFindV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableFindV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableImport.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableImport.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableImportV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableImportV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableInsert.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableInsert.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableInsertV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableInsertV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableRemoveV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableRemoveV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableSize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableSize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableSizeV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LookupTableSizeV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoopCond.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LoopCond.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LowerBound.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_LowerBound.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Lu.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Lu.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MakeIterator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MakeIterator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapAndBatchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapAndBatchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapClear.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapClear.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapDefun.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapDefun.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapIncompleteSize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapIncompleteSize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapPeek.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapPeek.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapSize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapSize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapStage.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapStage.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapUnstage.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapUnstage.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapUnstageNoKey.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MapUnstageNoKey.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatchingFiles.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatchingFiles.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatchingFilesDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatchingFilesDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixBandPart.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixBandPart.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDeterminant.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDeterminant.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiag.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiag.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiagPart.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiagPart.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiagPartV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiagPartV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiagPartV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiagPartV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiagV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiagV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiagV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixDiagV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixExponential.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixExponential.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixInverse.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixInverse.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixLogarithm.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixLogarithm.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSetDiag.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSetDiag.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSetDiagV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSetDiagV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSetDiagV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSetDiagV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSolve.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSolve.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSolveLs.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSolveLs.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSquareRoot.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixSquareRoot.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixTriangularSolve.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MatrixTriangularSolve.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Max.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Max.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxIntraOpParallelismDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxIntraOpParallelismDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPool.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPool.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPool3D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPool3D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPool3DGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPool3DGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPool3DGradGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPool3DGradGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGradGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGradGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGradGradV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGradGradV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGradGradWithArgmax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGradGradWithArgmax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGradV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGradV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGradWithArgmax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolGradWithArgmax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolWithArgmax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MaxPoolWithArgmax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Maximum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Maximum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Mean.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Mean.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Merge.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Merge.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MergeSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MergeSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MergeV2Checkpoints.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MergeV2Checkpoints.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Mfcc.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Mfcc.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Min.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Min.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Minimum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Minimum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MirrorPad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MirrorPad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MirrorPadGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MirrorPadGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MlirPassthroughOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MlirPassthroughOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Mod.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Mod.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ModelDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ModelDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Mul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Mul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MulNoNan.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MulNoNan.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MultiDeviceIterator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MultiDeviceIterator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MultiDeviceIteratorFromStringHandle.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MultiDeviceIteratorFromStringHandle.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MultiDeviceIteratorGetNextFromShard.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MultiDeviceIteratorGetNextFromShard.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MultiDeviceIteratorInit.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MultiDeviceIteratorInit.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MultiDeviceIteratorToStringHandle.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MultiDeviceIteratorToStringHandle.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Multinomial.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Multinomial.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableDenseHashTable.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableDenseHashTable.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableDenseHashTableV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableDenseHashTableV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableHashTable.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableHashTable.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableHashTableOfTensors.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableHashTableOfTensors.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableHashTableOfTensorsV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableHashTableOfTensorsV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableHashTableV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutableHashTableV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutexLock.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutexLock.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutexV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_MutexV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NcclAllReduce.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NcclAllReduce.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NcclBroadcast.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NcclBroadcast.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NcclReduce.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NcclReduce.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Ndtri.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Ndtri.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NearestNeighbors.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NearestNeighbors.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Neg.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Neg.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NegTrain.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NegTrain.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NextAfter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NextAfter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NextIteration.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NextIteration.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NoOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NoOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonDeterministicInts.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonDeterministicInts.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppression.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppression.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppressionV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppressionV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppressionV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppressionV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppressionV4.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppressionV4.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppressionV5.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppressionV5.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppressionWithOverlaps.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonMaxSuppressionWithOverlaps.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonSerializableDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NonSerializableDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NotEqual.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NotEqual.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NthElement.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_NthElement.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OneHot.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OneHot.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OneShotIterator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OneShotIterator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OnesLike.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OnesLike.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OptimizeDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OptimizeDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OptionalFromValue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OptionalFromValue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OptionalGetValue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OptionalGetValue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OptionalHasValue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OptionalHasValue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OptionalNone.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OptionalNone.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapClear.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapClear.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapIncompleteSize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapIncompleteSize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapPeek.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapPeek.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapSize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapSize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapStage.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapStage.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapUnstage.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapUnstage.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapUnstageNoKey.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OrderedMapUnstageNoKey.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OutfeedDequeue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OutfeedDequeue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OutfeedDequeueTuple.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OutfeedDequeueTuple.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OutfeedEnqueue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OutfeedEnqueue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OutfeedEnqueueTuple.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_OutfeedEnqueueTuple.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Pack.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Pack.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Pad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Pad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PadV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PadV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PaddedBatchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PaddedBatchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PaddedBatchDatasetV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PaddedBatchDatasetV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PaddingFIFOQueue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PaddingFIFOQueue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PaddingFIFOQueueV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PaddingFIFOQueueV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelConcat.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelConcat.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelDynamicStitch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelDynamicStitch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelInterleaveDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelInterleaveDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelInterleaveDatasetV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelInterleaveDatasetV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelInterleaveDatasetV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelInterleaveDatasetV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelInterleaveDatasetV4.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelInterleaveDatasetV4.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelMapDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelMapDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelMapDatasetV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParallelMapDatasetV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParameterizedTruncatedNormal.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParameterizedTruncatedNormal.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseExample.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseExample.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseExampleDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseExampleDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseExampleDatasetV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseExampleDatasetV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseExampleV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseExampleV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseSequenceExample.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseSequenceExample.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseSequenceExampleV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseSequenceExampleV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseSingleExample.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseSingleExample.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseSingleSequenceExample.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseSingleSequenceExample.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseTensor.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ParseTensor.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PartitionedCall.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PartitionedCall.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Placeholder.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Placeholder.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PlaceholderV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PlaceholderV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PlaceholderWithDefault.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PlaceholderWithDefault.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Polygamma.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Polygamma.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PopulationCount.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PopulationCount.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Pow.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Pow.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PrefetchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PrefetchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Prelinearize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Prelinearize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PrelinearizeTuple.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PrelinearizeTuple.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PreventGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PreventGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Print.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Print.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PrintV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PrintV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PriorityQueue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PriorityQueue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PriorityQueueV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PriorityQueueV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PrivateThreadPoolDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PrivateThreadPoolDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Prod.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Prod.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PyFunc.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PyFunc.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PyFuncStateless.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_PyFuncStateless.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Qr.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Qr.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizeAndDequantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizeAndDequantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizeAndDequantizeV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizeAndDequantizeV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizeAndDequantizeV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizeAndDequantizeV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizeDownAndShrinkRange.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizeDownAndShrinkRange.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizeV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizeV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedAvgPool.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedAvgPool.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedBatchNormWithGlobalNormalization.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedBatchNormWithGlobalNormalization.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedBiasAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedBiasAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConcat.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConcat.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DAndRelu.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DAndRelu.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DAndRequantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DAndRequantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DPerChannel.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DPerChannel.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBias.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBias.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasAndRelu.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasAndRelu.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasAndRequantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasAndRequantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasSignedSumAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasSignedSumAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasSumAndRelu.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasSumAndRelu.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasSumAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedConv2DWithBiasSumAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedDepthwiseConv2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedDepthwiseConv2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedDepthwiseConv2DWithBias.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedDepthwiseConv2DWithBias.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedDepthwiseConv2DWithBiasAndRelu.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedDepthwiseConv2DWithBiasAndRelu.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedDepthwiseConv2DWithBiasAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedDepthwiseConv2DWithBiasAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedInstanceNorm.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedInstanceNorm.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMatMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMatMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMatMulWithBias.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMatMulWithBias.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMatMulWithBiasAndRelu.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMatMulWithBiasAndRelu.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMatMulWithBiasAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMatMulWithBiasAndReluAndRequantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMatMulWithBiasAndRequantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMatMulWithBiasAndRequantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMaxPool.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMaxPool.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedRelu.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedRelu.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedRelu6.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedRelu6.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedReluX.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedReluX.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedReshape.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedReshape.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedResizeBilinear.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QuantizedResizeBilinear.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueClose.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueClose.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueCloseV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueCloseV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeueMany.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeueMany.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeueManyV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeueManyV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeueUpTo.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeueUpTo.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeueUpToV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeueUpToV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeueV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueDequeueV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueEnqueue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueEnqueue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueEnqueueMany.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueEnqueueMany.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueEnqueueManyV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueEnqueueManyV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueEnqueueV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueEnqueueV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueIsClosed.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueIsClosed.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueIsClosedV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueIsClosedV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueSize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueSize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueSizeV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_QueueSizeV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RFFT.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RFFT.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RFFT2D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RFFT2D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RFFT3D.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RFFT3D.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RGBToHSV.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RGBToHSV.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedGather.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedGather.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedRange.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedRange.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedTensorFromVariant.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedTensorFromVariant.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedTensorToSparse.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedTensorToSparse.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedTensorToTensor.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedTensorToTensor.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedTensorToVariant.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RaggedTensorToVariant.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomCrop.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomCrop.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomGamma.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomGamma.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomGammaGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomGammaGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomPoisson.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomPoisson.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomPoissonV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomPoissonV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomShuffle.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomShuffle.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomShuffleQueue.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomShuffleQueue.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomShuffleQueueV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomShuffleQueueV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomStandardNormal.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomStandardNormal.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomUniform.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomUniform.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomUniformInt.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RandomUniformInt.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Range.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Range.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RangeDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RangeDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Rank.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Rank.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReadFile.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReadFile.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReadVariableOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReadVariableOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderNumRecordsProduced.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderNumRecordsProduced.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderNumRecordsProducedV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderNumRecordsProducedV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderNumWorkUnitsCompleted.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderNumWorkUnitsCompleted.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderNumWorkUnitsCompletedV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderNumWorkUnitsCompletedV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderRead.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderRead.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderReadUpTo.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderReadUpTo.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderReadUpToV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderReadUpToV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderReadV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderReadV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderReset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderReset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderResetV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderResetV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderRestoreState.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderRestoreState.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderRestoreStateV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderRestoreStateV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderSerializeState.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderSerializeState.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderSerializeStateV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReaderSerializeStateV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Real.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Real.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RealDiv.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RealDiv.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RebatchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RebatchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Reciprocal.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Reciprocal.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReciprocalGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReciprocalGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RecordInput.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RecordInput.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Recv.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Recv.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RecvTPUEmbeddingActivations.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RecvTPUEmbeddingActivations.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReduceDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReduceDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReduceJoin.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReduceJoin.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefEnter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefEnter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefExit.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefExit.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefIdentity.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefIdentity.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefMerge.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefMerge.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefNextIteration.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefNextIteration.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefSelect.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefSelect.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefSwitch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RefSwitch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RegexFullMatch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RegexFullMatch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RegexReplace.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RegexReplace.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Relu.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Relu.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Relu6.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Relu6.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Relu6Grad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Relu6Grad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReluGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReluGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RemoteCall.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RemoteCall.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RemoteFusedGraphExecute.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RemoteFusedGraphExecute.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RepeatDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RepeatDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RequantizationRange.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RequantizationRange.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RequantizationRangePerChannel.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RequantizationRangePerChannel.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Requantize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Requantize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RequantizePerChannel.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RequantizePerChannel.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Reshape.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Reshape.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeArea.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeArea.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeBicubic.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeBicubic.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeBicubicGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeBicubicGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeBilinear.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeBilinear.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeBilinearGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeBilinearGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeNearestNeighbor.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeNearestNeighbor.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeNearestNeighborGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResizeNearestNeighborGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceAccumulatorApplyGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceAccumulatorApplyGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceAccumulatorNumAccumulated.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceAccumulatorNumAccumulated.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceAccumulatorSetGlobalStep.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceAccumulatorSetGlobalStep.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceAccumulatorTakeGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceAccumulatorTakeGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdaMax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdaMax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdadelta.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdadelta.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdagrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdagrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdagradDA.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdagradDA.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdagradV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdagradV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdam.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdam.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdamWithAmsgrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAdamWithAmsgrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAddSign.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyAddSign.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyCenteredRMSProp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyCenteredRMSProp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyFtrl.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyFtrl.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyFtrlV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyFtrlV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyGradientDescent.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyGradientDescent.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyKerasMomentum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyKerasMomentum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyMomentum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyMomentum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyPowerSign.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyPowerSign.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyProximalAdagrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyProximalAdagrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyProximalGradientDescent.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyProximalGradientDescent.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyRMSProp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceApplyRMSProp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceConditionalAccumulator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceConditionalAccumulator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceCountUpTo.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceCountUpTo.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceGather.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceGather.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceGatherNd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceGatherNd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterDiv.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterDiv.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterMax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterMax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterMin.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterMin.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterNdAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterNdAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterNdSub.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterNdSub.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterNdUpdate.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterNdUpdate.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterSub.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterSub.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterUpdate.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceScatterUpdate.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyAdadelta.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyAdadelta.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyAdagrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyAdagrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyAdagradDA.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyAdagradDA.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyAdagradV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyAdagradV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyCenteredRMSProp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyCenteredRMSProp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyFtrl.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyFtrl.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyFtrlV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyFtrlV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyKerasMomentum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyKerasMomentum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyMomentum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyMomentum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyProximalAdagrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyProximalAdagrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyProximalGradientDescent.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyProximalGradientDescent.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyRMSProp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceSparseApplyRMSProp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceStridedSliceAssign.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ResourceStridedSliceAssign.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Restore.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Restore.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RestoreSlice.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RestoreSlice.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RestoreV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RestoreV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingADAMParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingADAMParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingADAMParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingADAMParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingAdadeltaParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingAdadeltaParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingAdadeltaParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingAdadeltaParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingAdagradParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingAdagradParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingAdagradParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingAdagradParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingCenteredRMSPropParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingCenteredRMSPropParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingFTRLParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingFTRLParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingFTRLParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingFTRLParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingMDLAdagradLightParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingMDLAdagradLightParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingMomentumParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingMomentumParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingMomentumParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingMomentumParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingProximalAdagradParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingProximalAdagradParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingProximalAdagradParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingProximalAdagradParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingRMSPropParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingRMSPropParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingRMSPropParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingRMSPropParametersGradAccumDebug.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingStochasticGradientDescentParameters.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RetrieveTPUEmbeddingStochasticGradientDescentParameters.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Reverse.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Reverse.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReverseSequence.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReverseSequence.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReverseV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ReverseV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RightShift.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RightShift.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Rint.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Rint.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RngSkip.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RngSkip.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Roll.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Roll.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Round.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Round.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Rpc.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Rpc.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Rsqrt.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Rsqrt.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RsqrtGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_RsqrtGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SampleDistortedBoundingBox.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SampleDistortedBoundingBox.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SampleDistortedBoundingBoxV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SampleDistortedBoundingBoxV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SamplingDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SamplingDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Save.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Save.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SaveSlices.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SaveSlices.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SaveV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SaveV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScalarSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScalarSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScaleAndTranslate.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScaleAndTranslate.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScaleAndTranslateGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScaleAndTranslateGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScanDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScanDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterDiv.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterDiv.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterMax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterMax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterMin.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterMin.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterNd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterNd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterNdAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterNdAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterNdNonAliasingAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterNdNonAliasingAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterNdSub.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterNdSub.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterNdUpdate.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterNdUpdate.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterSub.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterSub.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterUpdate.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ScatterUpdate.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SdcaFprint.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SdcaFprint.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SdcaOptimizer.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SdcaOptimizer.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SdcaOptimizerV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SdcaOptimizerV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SdcaShrinkL1.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SdcaShrinkL1.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SegmentMax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SegmentMax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SegmentMean.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SegmentMean.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SegmentMin.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SegmentMin.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SegmentProd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SegmentProd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SegmentSum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SegmentSum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Select.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Select.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SelectV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SelectV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SelfAdjointEig.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SelfAdjointEig.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SelfAdjointEigV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SelfAdjointEigV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Selu.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Selu.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SeluGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SeluGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Send.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Send.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SendTPUEmbeddingGradients.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SendTPUEmbeddingGradients.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SerializeIterator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SerializeIterator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SerializeManySparse.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SerializeManySparse.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SerializeSparse.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SerializeSparse.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SerializeTensor.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SerializeTensor.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SetSize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SetSize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SetStatsAggregatorDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SetStatsAggregatorDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Shape.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Shape.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShapeN.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShapeN.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShardDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShardDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShardedFilename.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShardedFilename.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShardedFilespec.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShardedFilespec.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShuffleAndRepeatDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShuffleAndRepeatDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShuffleDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShuffleDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShuffleDatasetV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShuffleDatasetV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShutdownDistributedTPU.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ShutdownDistributedTPU.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sigmoid.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sigmoid.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SigmoidGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SigmoidGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sign.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sign.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sin.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sin.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sinh.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sinh.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Size.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Size.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SkipDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SkipDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Skipgram.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Skipgram.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SleepDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SleepDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Slice.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Slice.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SlidingWindowDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SlidingWindowDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Snapshot.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Snapshot.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SnapshotDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SnapshotDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SobolSample.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SobolSample.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Softmax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Softmax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SoftmaxCrossEntropyWithLogits.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SoftmaxCrossEntropyWithLogits.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Softplus.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Softplus.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SoftplusGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SoftplusGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Softsign.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Softsign.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SoftsignGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SoftsignGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SpaceToBatch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SpaceToBatch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SpaceToBatchND.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SpaceToBatchND.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SpaceToDepth.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SpaceToDepth.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseAccumulatorApplyGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseAccumulatorApplyGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseAccumulatorTakeGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseAccumulatorTakeGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseAddGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseAddGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyAdadelta.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyAdadelta.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyAdagrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyAdagrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyAdagradDA.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyAdagradDA.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyAdagradV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyAdagradV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyCenteredRMSProp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyCenteredRMSProp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyFtrl.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyFtrl.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyFtrlV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyFtrlV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyMomentum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyMomentum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyProximalAdagrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyProximalAdagrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyProximalGradientDescent.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyProximalGradientDescent.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyRMSProp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseApplyRMSProp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseConcat.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseConcat.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseConditionalAccumulator.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseConditionalAccumulator.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseCross.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseCross.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseDenseCwiseAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseDenseCwiseAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseDenseCwiseDiv.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseDenseCwiseDiv.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseDenseCwiseMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseDenseCwiseMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseFillEmptyRows.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseFillEmptyRows.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseFillEmptyRowsGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseFillEmptyRowsGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixMatMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixMatMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixNNZ.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixNNZ.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixOrderingAMD.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixOrderingAMD.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixSoftmax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixSoftmax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixSoftmaxGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixSoftmaxGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixSparseCholesky.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixSparseCholesky.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixSparseMatMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixSparseMatMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixTranspose.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixTranspose.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixZeros.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseMatrixZeros.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReduceMax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReduceMax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReduceMaxSparse.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReduceMaxSparse.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReduceSum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReduceSum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReduceSumSparse.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReduceSumSparse.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReorder.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReorder.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReshape.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseReshape.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentMean.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentMean.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentMeanGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentMeanGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentMeanWithNumSegments.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentMeanWithNumSegments.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentSqrtN.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentSqrtN.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentSqrtNGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentSqrtNGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentSqrtNWithNumSegments.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentSqrtNWithNumSegments.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentSum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentSum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentSumWithNumSegments.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSegmentSumWithNumSegments.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSlice.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSlice.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSliceGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSliceGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSoftmax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSoftmax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSoftmaxCrossEntropyWithLogits.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSoftmaxCrossEntropyWithLogits.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSparseMaximum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSparseMaximum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSparseMinimum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSparseMinimum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSplit.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseSplit.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseTensorDenseAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseTensorDenseAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseTensorDenseMatMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseTensorDenseMatMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseTensorSliceDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseTensorSliceDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseTensorToCSRSparseMatrix.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseTensorToCSRSparseMatrix.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseToDense.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseToDense.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseToSparseSetOperation.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SparseToSparseSetOperation.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Spence.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Spence.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Split.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Split.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SplitV.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SplitV.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SqlDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SqlDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sqrt.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sqrt.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SqrtGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SqrtGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Square.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Square.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SquaredDifference.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SquaredDifference.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Squeeze.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Squeeze.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Stack.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Stack.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackClose.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackClose.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackCloseV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackCloseV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackPop.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackPop.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackPopV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackPopV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackPush.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackPush.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackPushV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackPushV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StackV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Stage.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Stage.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StageClear.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StageClear.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StagePeek.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StagePeek.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StageSize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StageSize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulPartitionedCall.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulPartitionedCall.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulRandomBinomial.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulRandomBinomial.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulStandardNormal.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulStandardNormal.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulStandardNormalV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulStandardNormalV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulTruncatedNormal.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulTruncatedNormal.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulUniform.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulUniform.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulUniformFullInt.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulUniformFullInt.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulUniformInt.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatefulUniformInt.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessIf.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessIf.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessMultinomial.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessMultinomial.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomBinomial.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomBinomial.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomGammaV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomGammaV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomNormal.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomNormal.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomPoisson.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomPoisson.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomUniform.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomUniform.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomUniformFullInt.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomUniformFullInt.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomUniformInt.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessRandomUniformInt.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessTruncatedNormal.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessTruncatedNormal.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessWhile.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatelessWhile.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StaticRegexFullMatch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StaticRegexFullMatch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StaticRegexReplace.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StaticRegexReplace.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatsAggregatorHandle.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatsAggregatorHandle.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatsAggregatorHandleV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatsAggregatorHandleV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatsAggregatorSetSummaryWriter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatsAggregatorSetSummaryWriter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatsAggregatorSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StatsAggregatorSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StopGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StopGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StridedSlice.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StridedSlice.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StridedSliceAssign.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StridedSliceAssign.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StridedSliceGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StridedSliceGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringFormat.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringFormat.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringJoin.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringJoin.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringLength.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringLength.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringLower.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringLower.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringNGrams.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringNGrams.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringSplit.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringSplit.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringSplitV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringSplitV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringStrip.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringStrip.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringToHashBucket.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringToHashBucket.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringToHashBucketFast.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringToHashBucketFast.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringToHashBucketStrong.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringToHashBucketStrong.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringToNumber.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringToNumber.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringUpper.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_StringUpper.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sub.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sub.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Substr.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Substr.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Sum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SummaryWriter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SummaryWriter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Svd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Svd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Switch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Switch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SymbolicGradient.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_SymbolicGradient.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TFRecordDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TFRecordDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TFRecordReader.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TFRecordReader.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TFRecordReaderV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TFRecordReaderV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUCompilationResult.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUCompilationResult.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUEmbeddingActivations.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUEmbeddingActivations.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUOrdinalSelector.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUOrdinalSelector.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUPartitionedCall.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUPartitionedCall.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUReplicateMetadata.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUReplicateMetadata.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUReplicatedInput.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUReplicatedInput.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUReplicatedOutput.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TPUReplicatedOutput.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TakeDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TakeDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TakeManySparseFromTensorsMap.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TakeManySparseFromTensorsMap.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TakeWhileDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TakeWhileDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Tan.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Tan.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Tanh.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Tanh.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TanhGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TanhGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TemporaryVariable.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TemporaryVariable.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArray.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArray.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayClose.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayClose.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayCloseV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayCloseV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayCloseV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayCloseV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayConcat.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayConcat.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayConcatV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayConcatV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayConcatV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayConcatV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGather.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGather.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGatherV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGatherV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGatherV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGatherV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGradV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGradV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGradV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGradV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGradWithShape.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayGradWithShape.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayPack.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayPack.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayRead.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayRead.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayReadV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayReadV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayReadV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayReadV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayScatter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayScatter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayScatterV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayScatterV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayScatterV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayScatterV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySizeV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySizeV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySizeV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySizeV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySplit.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySplit.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySplitV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySplitV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySplitV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArraySplitV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayUnpack.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayUnpack.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayWrite.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayWrite.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayWriteV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayWriteV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayWriteV3.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorArrayWriteV3.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestCreateTreeVariable.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestCreateTreeVariable.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreeDeserialize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreeDeserialize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreeIsInitializedOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreeIsInitializedOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreePredict.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreePredict.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreeResourceHandleOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreeResourceHandleOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreeSerialize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreeSerialize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreeSize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorForestTreeSize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorGetItem.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorGetItem.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListConcat.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListConcat.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListConcatLists.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListConcatLists.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListConcatV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListConcatV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListElementShape.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListElementShape.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListFromTensor.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListFromTensor.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListGather.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListGather.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListGetItem.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListGetItem.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListLength.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListLength.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListPopBack.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListPopBack.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListPushBack.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListPushBack.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListPushBackBatch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListPushBackBatch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListReserve.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListReserve.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListResize.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListResize.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListScatter.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListScatter.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListScatterIntoExistingList.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListScatterIntoExistingList.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListScatterV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListScatterV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListSetItem.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListSetItem.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListSplit.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListSplit.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListStack.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorListStack.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorScatterAdd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorScatterAdd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorScatterSub.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorScatterSub.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorScatterUpdate.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorScatterUpdate.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorSetItem.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorSetItem.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorSliceDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorSliceDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorStridedSliceUpdate.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorStridedSliceUpdate.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorSummaryV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TensorSummaryV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TextLineDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TextLineDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TextLineReader.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TextLineReader.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TextLineReaderV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TextLineReaderV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ThreadPoolDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ThreadPoolDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ThreadPoolHandle.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ThreadPoolHandle.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ThreadUnsafeUnigramCandidateSampler.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ThreadUnsafeUnigramCandidateSampler.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Tile.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Tile.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TileGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TileGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Timestamp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Timestamp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ToBool.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ToBool.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TopK.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TopK.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TopKV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TopKV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Transpose.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Transpose.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TridiagonalMatMul.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TridiagonalMatMul.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TridiagonalSolve.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TridiagonalSolve.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TruncateDiv.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TruncateDiv.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TruncateMod.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TruncateMod.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TruncatedNormal.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TruncatedNormal.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TryRpc.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_TryRpc.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Unbatch.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Unbatch.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnbatchDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnbatchDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnbatchGrad.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnbatchGrad.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnicodeDecode.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnicodeDecode.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnicodeDecodeWithOffsets.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnicodeDecodeWithOffsets.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnicodeEncode.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnicodeEncode.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnicodeScript.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnicodeScript.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnicodeTranscode.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnicodeTranscode.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UniformCandidateSampler.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UniformCandidateSampler.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Unique.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Unique.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UniqueDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UniqueDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UniqueV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UniqueV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UniqueWithCounts.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UniqueWithCounts.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UniqueWithCountsV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UniqueWithCountsV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Unpack.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Unpack.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnravelIndex.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnravelIndex.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnsortedSegmentJoin.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnsortedSegmentJoin.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnsortedSegmentMax.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnsortedSegmentMax.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnsortedSegmentMin.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnsortedSegmentMin.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnsortedSegmentProd.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnsortedSegmentProd.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnsortedSegmentSum.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnsortedSegmentSum.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Unstage.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Unstage.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnwrapDatasetVariant.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UnwrapDatasetVariant.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UpperBound.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_UpperBound.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_VarHandleOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_VarHandleOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_VarIsInitializedOp.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_VarIsInitializedOp.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Variable.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Variable.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_VariableShape.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_VariableShape.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_VariableV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_VariableV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Where.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Where.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_While.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_While.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WholeFileReader.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WholeFileReader.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WholeFileReaderV2.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WholeFileReaderV2.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WindowDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WindowDataset.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WorkerHeartbeat.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WorkerHeartbeat.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WrapDatasetVariant.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WrapDatasetVariant.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteAudioSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteAudioSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteFile.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteFile.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteGraphSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteGraphSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteHistogramSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteHistogramSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteImageSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteImageSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteRawProtoSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteRawProtoSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteScalarSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteScalarSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteSummary.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_WriteSummary.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Xdivy.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Xdivy.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Xlog1py.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Xlog1py.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Xlogy.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Xlogy.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ZerosLike.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ZerosLike.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Zeta.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_Zeta.pbtxt
org_tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ZipDataset.pbtxt /home/sven/tensorflow/tensorflow/core/api_def/base_api/api_def_ZipDataset.pbtxt
